A few possible threats include:
- Man in the Middle attack: This is when an adversary is able to sniff the network traffic and expose the HTTP traffic, 
which is unencrypted, to steal the user's cookie. This is probably the largest concern with this web service. To mitigate
this, I would advise the web developers to switch over to HTTPS protocol instead. Additionally we can set the `Secure` attribute
in the cookies we send to the user.
- CSRF/ XSS attack: This is when an adversary is able to inject permanent code into the website's service and causes that 
malicious code to run when other users pull the same part of the web page. In turn CRSF attacks would try to use the user's cookies
to make a request on their behalf. To prevent this the developers need to make sure they are properly sanitizing all user-provided fields
on their website, and also to do more careful handling of cookie-based secure authentication.
- Cross-origin requests: Embedded content on the page may be able to get the user's cookie through clickjacking or exploiting weak
same-origin policy enforcement. To avoid this issue, the web developers will need to be careful with embedded content on the page (and avoid
reading cross-origin content), along with associating their users' cookies with a specific origin through the `Origin` attribute and 
set certain flags like `HttpOnly`.
- Bad cookie storage: If cookies are improperly stored and/or are not being cleared upon a session closing, this could make the user vulnerable
to having their cookie stolen. To avoid this, developers must be very careful about how they manage their cookies in `SessionStorage` and to
never store their cookies in `LocalStorage`.
- Improper cookie handling: Assuming the attacker is somehow able to get the user's cookie, through exploiting any of the four attacks
mentioned above or through some other methods not mentioned here. Regardless, We want to limit the usability of the cookie under the attacker's
control. This can be done through setting a short expiration duration for the cookie, or even go as far as associating a cookie with a specific 
IP.